Update README.md (#2)
ostretsov/golang: README.md

#### Enable a way (handler, command argument) returning git hash and build time of an app

Define 

```go
package main

var gitCommitHash string
var buildTime string

func main() {

>     // return gitCommitHash and buildTime variables in a handler or if specific command argument is provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Return values of gitCommitHash and buildTime in a handler, or print them in stdout if specific command argument is provided.
```

}
```
There is a linker flag `-X` to write information into the variable at link time. It might be used in `Dockerfile` like the following:

```Dockerfile
# ...

> RUN GITCOMMITHASH=`git rev-parse --short HEAD` BUILDTIME=`date -u '+%Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%SZ'` && GOFLAGS="-w -s -X main.gitCommitHash=`echo $GITCOMMITHASH` -X main.buildTime=`echo $BUILDTIME`" && CGO_ENABLED=0 GOOS=linux go build -ldflags="$GOFLAGS" -a -installsuffix cgo -o /go/bin/app .

Reviewer: Мне кажется флаг -a не нужен. Зачем он здесь?
Так же интересно, почему в этой команде -installsuffix. Мне кажется он тоже лишний.
Возможно для ldflags не нужно '-w -s'. У этих параметров странное описание, скорее всего и без них все будет работать.
